**Terms and Conditions**

Welcome to Summ-Up! These Terms and Conditions govern your use of our
mobile application "Summ-Up". By using the App, you agree to be bound by
these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to these Terms and
Conditions, you may not use the App.

**Use of the App**

You may use the App to summarize text content from images, text, and
webpages. You may only use the App for lawful purposes and in accordance
with these Terms and Conditions.

You may not use the App in any way that could damage or disrupt our
servers or networks, or in any way that could interfere with any other
user\'s use of the App.

**Intellectual Property Rights**

The App and its entire contents, features, and functionality are owned
by ProspectAI, its licensors, or other providers of such material and
are protected by India and international copyright, trademark, patent,
trade secret, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights
laws.

You may not use any of Summ-Up\'s trademarks, logos, or other
proprietary graphics without our express written permission.

**Disclaimer of Warranties**

The App and its content are provided \"as is\" without warranty of any
kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to the
implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose,
or non-infringement.

Summ-Up does not warrant that the App will be uninterrupted or
error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the App or the
server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful
components.

**Limitation of Liability**

In no event will Summ-Up, its affiliates, licensors, or service
providers be liable for damages of any kind, including without
limitation any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential
damages arising out of or in connection with the use of the App or any
content provided on or through the App.

**Indemnification**

You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Summ-Up, its
affiliates, licensors, and service providers, and their respective
officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, and
suppliers from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments,
awards, losses, costs, expenses, or fees (including reasonable
attorneys\' fees) arising out of or relating to your use of the App or
any content provided on or through the App.

**Changes to These Terms and Conditions**

We reserve the right to update these Terms and Conditions at any time,
in our sole discretion. If we make material changes to these Terms and
Conditions, we will notify you by email or by posting a notice on the
App.

**Governing Law and Jurisdiction**

These Terms and Conditions and your use of the App will be governed by
and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Delhi, without
giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule.

Any legal suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or related to these
Terms and Conditions or the App shall be instituted exclusively in the
federal courts of India or the courts of the state of Delhi.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions or the App,
please contact us at connect@prospectai.in

By using Summ-Up, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions.
